Proxmox installation docs updated to ISO file installation (#1038)
MichaIng/DietPi-Docs: docs/install.md

            ![Proxmox node pull down menu](assets/images/Proxmox_ServerNode-pulldown-menu.png){: width="400" height="90" loading="lazy"}

        Note: Keep the Proxmox VM option "QEMU Guest Agent" option active (check check box) during the first run of the VM so that the QEMU Guest Agent package is installed within the VM. This enables the control of the VM via the Proxmox GUI.

> 
>     ??? info "Alternative installation method by importing the disk image (QCOW2 image)"
>         Following is an alternative installation description where a `.xz` based disk image of format `.qcow2` was used. It contains command line based procedure steps instead of the Proxmox GUI supported VM creation with an `.iso` file described above.
> 
>         !!! info "Proxmox Helper Script to install DietPi in Proxmox"
>             There is a script from `Darren Bennett` ([GitHub `dazeb`](https://github.com/dazeb)) which makes the installation steps described below much easier by execution of the installation steps within the script.  
>             See <https://github.com/dazeb/proxmox-dietpi-installer> for details.
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion

<h2>Alternative: Import virtual disk image via console</h2>

An alternative installation method is importing a virtual disk image (QCOW2 format) directly into a newly generated VM. This skips the additional installation process when using the ISO image, but requires some manual commands on the Proxmox OS console. To simplify the process, there is a script from `Darren Bennett` ([GitHub `dazeb`](https://github.com/dazeb)) which allows to enter the essential parameters via terminal UI and creates the VM and volume for you. See <https://github.com/dazeb/proxmox-dietpi-installer> for details.

The script can be executed with this command from the Proxmox OS console:
```sh
bash <(curl -sSfL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dazeb/proxmox-dietpi-installer/main/dietpi-install.sh)
```

??? info "Click here if you want to do the VM creation and image import manually"
````

Reviewer: I'll merge this, to see how it looks. Generally, as people read through the upper headers anyway before reaching here (and the TOC shows the headers of the RPi installation only, many parts could be skipped or shortened. At some point, we need to split the installation instructions for different hardware/platforms into own pages. Using these tabs does not work well for larger content like used here, breaking TOC links and header numbers. But in a dedicated PR, of course.
